(female narrator)
Previously
on Childrens hospital.
(male #1)
'I wanna show you something.
Tell me what you think?'
(male #2)
'Okay, ah, penis.'
- 'Huh. Let's try another one.'
- 'Penis.'
(male #1)
'Interesting. One more.'
(male #2)
Penis.
Very cool.
[moaning]
You're there,
you're there.
- No.
- Oh, my god. Ha-ha-ha.
Hi, I'm chief.
The chief surgeon.
I can cure you.
If he does that,
you might lose your sexy strip.
I give you the new chief.
I'm gonna try and cure you
the old-fashion way.
Using the healing
power of laughter.
Why don't you try
the healing power of medicine?
I don't have a brain tumor.
I couldn't think of
a reason to breakup.
That's the brain tumor talking.
I wanna operate
on your non-existing tumor.
I extracted the tumor using only
the healing power of laughter.
So, that was a success.
And she died.
Sorry.
You might say, I'm headed for a
bit of a nervous Blake Down.
[buzz]
MD. Coming this fall.
- How old is Nicky?
- Six.
I like turtles.
'He's got the rarest case of
advanced ageing disease.'
Hi.
(female #1)
'He got you pregnant.
It's immoral.'
I'm disgusted.
[laughing]
Totally kidding.
It's fine.
- How many names picked up?
- We're not telling anyone.
Toby Maguire.
[instrumental music]
(thinking)
I dread the future.
It's been so much
less experience than the past.
I wish, I age backwards
like Merlyn.
Or Bruce Springsteen
or anyone from the planet Ork.
Some people say the past
is not past, or even over.
Those people are pretentious.
I see it everywhere..
...the past
and it looks like Lola.
Lola!
Oh, but it's not her.
It's never her,
because my best friend
Dr. Lola Spratt is dead.
(thinking)
But in my memory she lives.
* It's no surprise
* I'm here tonight
(thinking)
But as time goes by
even the memory of her face
becomes fuzzy.
* Holding out hope
* For a change in the tide
But some days
I can feel her with me.
In the smile of a child
or in the innocence of one of
God's more gentle creatures.
Everything ends.
But what do you call an ending
that begins all over again?
A big ending.
Alright-y.
Let's begin at the big ending.
Hi, you must be Cat.
I'm so happy you could join us.
Sorry, I'm late.
God, sarcastic much.
I wasn't being sarcastic.
I'm thrilled that you're here.
Wow, there was traffic.
I had my period.
I totally understand that you've
got pain. Take the day off.
Oh, my god,
are you done, Don Rickles?
What's the deal
with this guy?
Meet the new Fuhrer of
sci-middlemen.
'He runs the insurance company
that owns the hospital now.'
- Total suit.
- What does the chief think?
'She doesn't care.
She's in love with him.'
But pretending to hate him,
so that we think she's cool.
Go back to your court-wrecked
penthouse cubicle
Don Rickshaws.
Ladies and gentlemen.
We have got to find
new ways to raise revenue
for this hospital.
I'm so sorry.
Some of my butterflies got out
of my collection this morning.
He collects butterflies?
Typical suit.
You know, what? Why don't we get
out there and save some lives?
Wow.
(female on speaker)
'Attention all staff.'
'Buzzed surgery is the same
as drug surgery.'
Chief, I'm so glad
I happen to run into you.
I am glad that I happen
to run into you too
by accident.
Oh.
Ha-ha-ha.
Yeah, I got it.
I'm on it.
Sorry.
My staff hates you.
So, I have to pretend
I hate you.
That must be hard suddenly
not being the boss anymore.
Say, last year,
I was riddled with muscular
and neurological disease.
I had an operation
that transformed me
into the beautiful, healthy
creature you see before you.
Ah. Here she comes.
Yeah.
Ha-ha.
I'm good with change.
I'm also good at changing in and
out of various outfits.
Costumes, if you will..
Yeah, whoo!
Huh. This is fun.
You want to do another pass?
- Absolutely.
- Oh, my god, I almost forgot.
There's something
extremely, extremely urgent
I need to tell you.
The future of this hospital
depends on it.
Oh, my god. You tell me right
now, you son of a bitch.
Don't leave me hanging.
[dramatic music]
(male narrator)
Coming up next
on Blake Downs, M.D.
Dr. Downs has big news!
I discovered a syndrome.
And they're naming it after me.
Dr. Downs syndrome!
You know what syndrome
they should name after you?
The "never-makes-the-bed
syndrome".
The New York Times says
this show will never
get cancelled.
Watch Blake Downs, M.D.
tonight.
After Children's Hospital.
Hey-hey-hey! And how is
Morgan's terminal cancer?
- I'm not feeling very good.
- Great.
Well, my medical advice
would be keep on trekking.
Got you, you son of a bitch!
[kissing the butterfly]
I'm hungry.
Hungry?
[needle creaking]
[beeping once]
Gimme that thing.
[dramatic music]
(male over speaker)
'Attention! Now that I have your
attention, that is all.'
Hi! We were at Deli
Cheese Cake factory
- I had a accident.
- I quit. Get another nanny.
Not this again.
Look, Gladys, I'm sorry
if you have a problem
with our unconventional
relationship.
I don't care about that.
I've dated plenty of guys,
25 years younger than me.
Really? Did they have advanced
aging disease like Nicky?
Don't think anybody has advanced
aging disease like Nicky.
Look, our relationship
is on the rocks.
I can't do this without you.
I just can't clean up
grown man poop anymore.
- I ate all Gladys' cigarettes.
- Gladys!
(Cat)
Come back.
You can't leave me here.
He's dying.
I'm gonna go to
doggy heaven!
- You're dying, girl.
- What?
I'll tell you something my uncle
used to say to me in Sweden.
Figure out your life.
Figure out your life?
Huh, so cryptic.
- I'm pooping again.
- Clip it off!
* You came without warning
and you took me away *
* I can't help..
There you are, Boo-boo.
- I cured cancer, you dick!
- What?
I see the big C-U-F-N-D!
Glenn, I know that you know
that cancer is an amalgam of-of
complicated unique conditions.
It's almost impossible
to find one cure.
Oh yeah?
Check it out, honkey!
Boom!
Ha-ha-ha!
- Dick!
- H-h-how?
Butterfly goop, okay.
Let's start killing
some butterflies--
No, no, no!
I would gladly sacrifice all
my beautiful friends
if it cured
one case of cancer.
But don't you think,
we should run tests first?
Yeah, you might be right.
Is it the bile? The blood?
The mucus? The semen?
Who we gonna get to jack off
these butterflies?
I'd do that.
Well, I-I-I,
if no one else was available.
I would clearly volunteer.
I would, I would..
Why don't we just run
some tests?
And if you actually
did this, Glenn
you'd have done more than just
solve the financial problem
of this hospital.
[instrumental music]
(male narrator)
Next on Blake Downs M.D.
America loses a dear friend.
My private practice
went out of business.
'But it's okay.'
It's okay. I'm sure children's
hospital will take me back.
In a dramatic final episode.
[wailing]
I just wanted it to be quiet!
He's doing Hawkeye's monologue
from the M.A.S.H finale.
It was a baby!
She smothered her own baby!
(narrator)
Coming up tonight,
after Children's Hospital.
(female on speaker)
'Dr. Jules Stancil,
please report..'
Well, crap! Ugh! Baby's living
on the big side.
But other than that, I'd say
that everything looks great.
Really great.
Can I tell you
it's so nice
to see your vagina again.
Thanks for seeing me.
You know, I can't see my
normal O-B-G-Y-N anymore.
Why? The guy doesn't like
looking at engorged vaginas?
- Sounds like a jerk!
- I can't keep this baby.
I'm not even in love
with Nicky anymore.
I'm so afraid
of my future.
[laughing]
What are you
laughing at?
I was remembering how your
vagina used to look before.
- Owen!
- It's like a open faced Reuben.
I can't keep this baby.
Can you help me?
Cat, listen to me.
You're full term now.
'The risk to your life,
not to mention the baby's'
are just too great
to consider termination.
You're an old friend.
So, I'll think about it.
- Oh, God, thank you!
- Yeah.
- Wow!
- Hey!
Had to get a quick pic.
Gosh!
It's like the mouth of a fish,
if you yanked the hook out.
- Really weird.
- Hey, Ow.
Why's there an O-B-G-Y-N clinic
in the Children's hospital?
Babies are having babies
nowadays. Read the papers.
[melancholic music]
July, 11th.
3:00 AM.
I've extracted blood, bile,
tears, breast milk and mucus
from the insect.
And nothing.
13 hours and I've only
learnt one thing.
You can't jack off
a dead butterfly.
[music continues]
Ah! I need coffee.
[dramatic music]
[music continues]
My body's more broker than the
American Health Care system.
[music continues]
(female #2)
'Doctor, doctor,
give me the news.'
'I've got
a bad case...of meningitis.'